# WeRateDogs
WeRateDogs (https://twitter.com/dog_rates) is a Twitter account that is well known for its pictures and commentary of dogs. Its popularity is built on the internet's obsession with dogs, a rating system that reflects how good all dogs are with scores consistently above the maximum, and commentary that has spawned a language of its own through observations about the pictures and both amusing remarks to other user accounts. I've combed through thousands of this account's tweets to find some of the patterns in their postings.

Not all tweets had ratings, and not all ratings were of dogs. Of all ratings, the average numerator is 13.22, and out of all dog ratings, the average numerator is 11.6. While the denominators in the ratings were most often 10, this wasn't always the case. Of all ratings, the average ratio of numerator over denominator is infinity, while the same for the ratings of dogs was 1.1. The highest numerator overall is 1776, while the lowest is 0.0. Also the highest denominator overall is 170, while the lowest is 0.0.
The name column had one hundred and nine(109) values that were not names and these were changed to 'None' like all others that did not have a name, and all lowercases were capitalized. Removed the string starting 'https' in text column and created a column called correcttext were stored the cleaned text.All id columns were changed to the object dtype to reflect their non-numeric nature.  Removed the rows that have null retweet status id so as to keep original tweets only' 

The names of dog breeds in the 'p1', 'p2', and 'p3' columns were cleaned to make them more readable and understandable by changing the underscores to spaces, changing them to be prediction_1, prediction_2, prediction_3 and consistently capitalizing the words with capitalize casing. 
Dropped each row with false predictions and keep rows with entries that have 1st, 2nd, & 3rd_dog values as True only.
